I'm sorry I didn't come.
I was looking for a place to dance.
I brought a bottle.
I'm sorry.
I'm training the children.
Please wait a moment.
I'll bring a bottle.
I want to see you.
Who was it?
Ohana.
Come on.
What's wrong with you?
You're lost.
The cherry tree is shorter.
Is that okay?
Come on.
Hey.
Good.
Come on.
Be quiet.
Turn it up.
You're losing.
Ohana.
I thought you were strange because you didn't turn up.
You shouldn't have put such a big thing.
It's not good.
You shouldn't put such a big thing.
I'll take care of it.
You'll understand later.
You have to raise your head.
Do it again.
You're funny.
What's so funny?
What's wrong?
Wait a minute.
What's wrong with him?
You're funny.
What's wrong?
The man behind you is on the iron bottle.
What?
You put the
iron bottle,
what's wrong?
What's wrong?
Wait a minute.
You're not funny.
You're funny.
What are you looking at?
Why are you crying?
Tell me.
What's wrong?
What's the matter?
And the man back there is eating the yam.
Why is he eating him?
Oh!
Yes. Yummy!
I'm looking forward to it a lot!
Good sweet potatoes!
Very sweet!